I am now retired from the university of southern California but they've
called me back to do some consulting on a project that has to do with
developing mentors to be provided by a computer science and I think
that's a lot of fun in their two projects have grown out of that
and they're currently pending so I am hoping five years Chanel I'm
still consulting on one of these out growth projects one of which is
developed a new trainer for navy personnel who were standing bridge
duty because the news is full of fact recently too navy destroyers
had collisions at sea that they should know ahead because they were
properly trained